Your offense, pretty much all year. What was it today? I know you have to see the film. What did you see or not see from them that was struggling?
Yeah, nothing really. I mean, we felt like – I mean, they did a couple things. But nothing that we haven't – weren't prepared for or hadn't seen. We could just really never get Goff in rhythm. So we were doing things that we wanted to do in the run game. It was going very much like we kind of thought it would and hoped it would. We just – when it came time to throw it, we just – we could never get him quite comfortable. And then we end up getting behind and the numbers things there. But, so, yeah, for different reasons, you know, it was never always one person or one thing. It's protection. Well, you know, it's just the little stuff. And the little stuff has continued to get us, which is on me.
You mentioned Saivion Smith, have you talked to him at all?
I have not talked to him yet. I have not.
You had a chance to go for a 50-yard field goal, did you not have faith in Michael Badgley from that distance?
Yeah, I had a yard marker. I knew that we needed to get inside of to feel good about it, you know, to swing away. Otherwise, take your chances with the offense.
On what happened on Craig Reynold's run for -7 yards on third down
We had an ME. Yeah, we had – somebody was supposed to be blocked on the edge. So we had a mental error there. So that's why we lost the yardage. Yeah, the play was a good call. It was a real good call. We had exactly what we wanted.
On the fourth downs in general
Yeah, I mean, it hurts. Because that's, really, a part of third down, right? Yeah, if you don't convert on third down, then you better do it on fourth. And so, we weren't good enough. That scenario, we've been pretty good. And – I mean, our – that whole – you know, when you're not able to convert those, you know, you're going to struggle offensively, you know? So too many of them. We weren't efficient enough on first down. Now, I did think we got some manageable downs. We just couldn't convert them. You know, it was one of those days. Our offense has been pretty steady, you know, played pretty well. And this was a day we didn't do well. And, you know, we really never got into true rhythm and we couldn't convert. So we couldn't stay on the field.
You've always been a motivator at keeping the guys engaged, how do you do that at this point?
Yeah, I mean, look, you just be honest with them. You tell them exactly what it is. Like, you know, to me, it's about as bad as it gets. I mean, this is worse. You know, this is where we're at. And sometimes it's going to get bad before it gets better. And, you know, I believe we hit rock bottom. So now the only place to go is back up. And, you know, look, we're going to get some guys back. I got to look at everything top to bottom, which I have time to do for the bye. And look, I've seen it too many times. I've been in this league too long as a player and a coach and I've seen teams that have started out rocky and it's doom and gloom, and all of a sudden they win one and then they win the next one and then they win the next one. And that's what I told them, you just got to win the first one. We just – when we come back, everybody's got to look in the mirror over the break. How do you get better individually? Just like I'm going to do. And we find a way to win the next one. Just win the next one out of the bye and then take the next one as it comes. That's all you can, that's all you can do.
How shocked are you talking about rock bottom here?
Yeah, you don't anticipate that. You don't see that. But I also know – I mean, as bad as it looks, I also know what we're capable of. And, look, we – it's hard to say that when you look at the score today, but we got better defensively. I mean, we were – we played better today than we've played. Now, is it good enough? No. But we did play better. And offensively, we're better than what we just put out there on tape. So, yeah, it's bad. But as a total team here, it's just 29-nothing. So to this point in the season, it's as bad as it's gotten. But I also know, man, as long as you hold on to hope and you believe in things that we're doing – and I'm going to – man, I'm going to change some things up. I mean, I'm going to look at everything; at the way we practice, the way we go about it. You know, do we need to practice longer? Do we need to practice less? Do we put on pads? Do we not put – you know, and those are all things that I'll be looking at over the next week.
You talked about benching Amani Oruwariye. And also you said you changed some things up on defense but were you happy with how you changed it up?
Yeah, well, there again, I need to look their – look at the tape. But, look, we wanted to give Will [Harris] a try out there. And the only reason Amani was down, he doesn't do a lot on special teams. Otherwise, he would have been here and probably would have played some. But that's where you, you know, you get in a pickle with special teams. But yeah, look, we – you just try and build a little bit of trust in that back-end. And we get A.J. [Parker] back up. And that's one thing we know about A.J., at a minimum, he's an excellent communicator, he's smart, and he's got football intelligence. And I know that there's a lot of trust back there with him at nickel, you know? And then we wanted to give Saivion [Smith] a shot, our third safety. So we were just mixing some things up to see if we could breathe some life back into our defense. And now, Will ended up getting hurt, but I thought he was playing pretty good up until that point. And look, I told Amani this last week. I said, "Man, this doesn't mean this is done. I mean, you could very much be back up." But it was – that's what we needed to do, you know?
inaudible
You know, listen, he – he's – I mean, we all know what he's about. I mean, he's – he's been wanting to play. And he gave us what he had. And I'll say this: He did some real good things but he was not 100 percent, you know? And we all appreciate the way he's made and what he's about. And, you know, he went in there and mixed it up.
What did you identify on why he struggled so much?
Oh, I don't know. And I'd rather not answer that. That's between he and I. We just needed to change some things up.
Dan, you guys have a couple of good tackles, Matthew Judon was able to make a pretty good impact today. What did you see out of that matchup?
Yeah, look, Judon's a good player. We knew that coming into there. We did a significant amount of chipping and nudging to his side. But I didn't necessarily feel like he wrecked the game. You know, there's –again, when things don't go well in your protections, there's a number of reasons. And it's all-encompassing between protection, it's between the backs and the quarterback. And so – but he's a good player. You know, I don't feel like he had a – he wore our tackles out or anything like that. But he certainly was – you know, he's a good player. We knew it coming in.
Coach, back to Saivion, can you tell us a little bit about who had joined him in the ambulance? And also can you tell us anything about the reaction from the team after you let them know that he has his motor skills and he gets to come back with you guys?
Yeah, that was – it was his father. And I believe his uncle. And the team was – of course they were happy to hear that. You know, everybody was concerned about Saivion. So, yeah, I mean, there was a sigh of relief.
Not to make any excuse, but that is a pretty tough thing to deal with, did it lead to the struggle?
I don't think so. I don't believe that. Just because, I mean, they see it, too. Even though it's not their teammate, there's a stop in the game. They're all looking at it. I think it's – I don't think it affects either side, in my opinion. I mean, it's certainly not – it's nothing you want to see. I mean, you don't. That's the worst. But I don't think it affected us like that.
On going up against a third string quarterback
Listen, yeah, I get that. You know, I would say this: They had a good game plan for him, which we knew they would. They didn't do anything too exotic. And, you know, they were able to stay ahead of the sticks. You know, they were very efficient. They gave him some easy throws and some things where they could block it up and let him see it and run away from coverage. And you know what, he made those plays. He made those plays. So I thought we would have been a little bit better in that regard. But the kid played good, too. He played good. I mean, that's a credit to him. That's a credit to them putting that game plan together. You know, they did well.
On the turnovers
Yeah, I mean, it's – I mean, there's no other way to say it. It's – you know, you just can't allow it. If you're going to run like that, then you better just tuck it. And, you know – or just have a little bit better feel of where it's coming from, you know? But yeah, I mean, it's – you know, it – I'll tell you what, I've never seen anything like that. It's like we turn the ball over, we give up seven when it happens. And so – but it certainly hurts us. So, you just got to protect it. You got to protect it.
what he wants his Lions team to be
We’re going to kick you in the teeth, and when you punch us back, we’re going to smile at you. And when you knock us down we’re going to get up, and on the way up we’re going to bite a kneecap off
On Lions fans
You guys have heard me say this, but I think what makes Detroit special is the fact that the fans, you guys will roll your sleeves up and put in a hard day’s work and I think we want to model ourselves after that. I’ll tell you what, you would give your coat in winter. You would give your coat to somebody in winter that needed it, man. That’s what this community’s about
On his coordinators
I think really what we’ll get out of this is now particularly for our coordinators, they’re calling down and distance. It’s more play-like for them, and then for the players, they got to be able to react. This is not run-play-pass period, this is not third down period. This is all encompassing, so now we’ll see how they handle these things.
Opening Statement
Nothing new to speak of. It was a tough fought game, and our guys came out to victory. Those guys over there for the Jets they played hard, they had a lot to play for just like we did. And so, we pulled it out. I was proud of our guys
On what it does for the team moving forward to win despite not playing their best
Yeah, I mean look every time you win a close game you learn how to a – in those moments, man, it – I mentioned this last night, but to be able to be very disciplined in those moments, that’s what the winning teams do. That’s what players that can produce in high-stress situations do and we were able to do that even though there were bits and pieces that game that weren’t up to our standards, man when we needed it, we made those plays. So, look I would tell you this and I told the team, shoot the last two weeks I would’ve told you Jacksonville and the Jets it’s going to come down to the last two minutes – excuse me Minnesota. Jacksonville and Minnesota it’s going to come down to the last two minutes. It didn’t but you would anticipate that. That’s just the nature of the League and the way it goes. So, we didn’t get in those situations, we found different ways to win and now you get into more of what really this League’s about and we found a way to win. So, those will always serve you well
On what stands out offensively and defensively that the team needs to clean up heading into Carolina
Yeah, well look offensively there was a couple of things in there just us targeting, believe it or not. Just exactly identifying that we’re all on the same page as to where we’re going because it’s the – we say it all the time here even if – listen, if you’re wrong, then we’re all wrong and as long as we’re all wrong then we’re all right. And so, we had a couple of where, ‘I think you’re going there, I’m supposed to be going here, are you going there?’ Stuff that we haven’t really done the last few weeks that should be things that should be behind us. So, just a couple of things. Now to the Jets credit, they disguised a lot of things. They did some – they did a few things very well, that’s also why they’re a very good defense, but that’s no excuse for us. So, just some of those things. We had a couple of drops that showed up, those hurt us. And then, defensively it’s just the – man, giving away the chunk plays. The chunk plays hurt. I mean we shut down the run game, but when we get in those moments when we have the ability to – an opportunity to make a play on a ball in the air, we just got to make those
On if the coaching staff gains confidence from winning similar to the players
Well, I think it’s – it all goes hand in hand because I think you – collectively, we all learn. We all learn. We all learn together. I mean you learn what – who you can depend on. You learn what – are you asking the right guys to do the right things in critical moments? And in turn they trust you. So, I think it’s all encompassing. I mean, you really are all in it together and I think as you grow you begin to just – you gain trust in each other. I mean, trust is a big thing in this game. I mean, it is anywhere it doesn’t matter what you’re in, right? Anything in life, but football I mean it’s everything for us, so I think just to have that confidence and trust is big
On how Lions QB Jared Goff’s improved pocket presence and the offensive line’s play have decreased the sacks allowed in the last few weeks
Well, you kind of already said it, I mean it’s – our O-line is doing a really good job, a really good job. We’ve got some really good players up there. I mean, our two tackles, and (Lions G) Jonah (Jackson), (Lions C) Frank (Ragnow)’s out there battling like he does every week. And so, they’re giving our guy a chance and when he sits back there and just plays with rhythm and stays on that back foot and is ready to throw, I mean, we’re pretty good. But there’s so much that goes into it too. I mean, there’s an emphasis on our receivers, they’ve got to outrun the D-line. They’ve got to get into their routes faster than the D-line get to the quarterback. That’s part of what we talk about. So, listen when you block the way they’re blocking upfront and you give our guy a chance to see it., we’re pretty potent on offense
On Lions LB Alex Anzalone’s production this season
Yeah, he’s – I said this numerous times, but he was – last year was the best I’ve ever seen him in all the years that we had him in New Orleans. That was the best that I’ve seen him play and this year is even better. He’s playing at a high level, he’s the quarterback of our defense. He’s versatile, he’s a really good athlete. He’s smart, he knows exactly what (Lions Defensive Coordinator Aaron Glenn) AG’s looking for. He knows the situations that come up. He gets everything in order and he’s another guy, man. He’s a big locker room guy, man, the guys love him, and he knows – they know he’d do anything for them. So, he’s playing at a high level and I’m glad we got him
On what it means to the team to beat good opponents
I mean, look, just to get another win. The good teams – I don’t care who you’re playing. to win in this League is a good thing. I don’t care who it is, so we found a way to win. We got the win on the road again, and every good team I’ve ever been a part of, normally, you do a couple of things. Not normally, you do. You win multiple games at multiple points in a season, which we’ve done. We won three in a row two different times, and you win on the road, which we’re figuring out how to win on the road. And that’s not by accident. Our guys are playing good football right now
On the biggest progression Lions DL Aidan Hutchinson has made since the first few weeks of the season
Well, I think the progression is just overall as a football player in this League because that’s really what he is. He’s a pass rusher. He can pass rush. He’s a run defender. He’s a run defender. He can drop into coverage. He’s a football player, like he is versatile, and he’s got a knack for run-action pass. When they’re doing it, he understands, he can kind of sniff those things out. He understands and has a few things in his repertoire as it pertains to rushing the quarterback. He plays stout on the edge and the run game. He finishes, he’s high motor, he’s got a knack for trying to punch at balls, footballs that is. So, he does everything. He just – he does, and that to me, it’s not just one thing, it’s the totality of it. He does everything and has gotten that much better, and really you can say that about all those rookies. (Lions LB Malcolm Rodriguez) Rodrigo does it, (Lions S) Kerby (Joseph), it’s really all of them
On Lions S DeShon Elliott’s injury and his confidence in Lions S C.J. Moore stepping up if needed
Yeah, don’t entirely know. We’re getting studies on him right now. I know he was a little tender. The shoulder hurt a little bit, but we’ll know a lot more this afternoon, and yes, certainly C.J.’s done – he’s served in that role, and we’ll look at him. We still have (Lions S Ifeatu Melifonwu) Iffy as well. And it’ll be the combination of who gives us the best opportunity defensively, but also special teams and the team in general. Let’s put our guys in a position they’re going to help us as a team the most, so we’ve got a couple of options as we move forward
On if it is hard to establish communication between two safeties who have not played together often such as Lions S Kerby Joseph and Lions S Ifeatu Melifonwu
Yeah, I mean look, it is. It is. You go into all of those things. I mean we’re at the point now, and really, we’ve been there, and we’re looking for – we need dependability. We need dependability, and we need our football players, man. We don’t need speed, we don’t need quick, we need football players. We need dependable football players right now with three to go. So, that’s what’s got to be most important, and whoever those guys are, those are the guys that are going to play for us
On the key to winning on the road after the team won three away games in a row
I don’t know. I don’t know. Look, I go back to the – the hardest thing for the offense is just being able to function in silent cadence. It’s easy to say the – man, if you’re really disciplined in what you do, and you get an environment and the crowd noise and the momentum, usually that’ll shift to the home team at some point, but if you’re very disciplined, you can work your way back out of it. And I think we’ve done a good job of that. We don’t let the momentum go so far the other way, we can’t swing it back in our favor, and there again, in some of the most critical moments, we’re making the play. We’re making the play to finish it out instead of doing the other way that ends up costing us
On talking to the team about their nervousness at halftime yesterday and if he will do so again throughout this upcoming stretch of important games
Yeah, I mean look, there again, I addressed it at halftime, so they understand. They know that. I don’t feel like I need to beat that one over the head. They get it, and it’s been acknowledged, and now it’s – listen, I think we have a pretty good idea of who we are, where we’re at, and I think more than anything, it’s about – look, we’ve got some guys in this locker room that have won now. I mean we do. (Lions LB) Alex (Anzalone) has won. (Lions RB) Jamaal (Williams) has won. (Lions DL Michael) Brockers has won. Shoot, (Lions WR Kalif Raymond) Leaf’s won, and then we’ve got a whole slew of young guys that don’t really know. They don’t know any better, and that’s kind of a good thing, honestly. They’re new to the League, and they don’t really know what this is all about, so they’re just kind of, ‘Hey, you tell me. You tell me what it’s all about. I’m just going to go though.’ And so, as long as we just keep them focused on their job at hand, working like we have. We’ve got to have a good gameplan. They’ve got to understand what the gameplan’s about, who we’re trying to – what are we defending? What are we – offensively, what are we attacking? Who are we attacking? Just like we have every week, and then we’ve got to do the little things. We can’t turn the ball over. We need another takeaway, which we got another one. It was huge. (Lions CB) Jerry (Jacobs)’s takeaway was big, and then the little thing that crept up yesterday was the penalties. Man, we can’t let those in, but if we continue to do that, we’ll be tough to beat.
On if anything changes after finding out Jets QB Zach Wilson will be the starter on Sunday
Nothing. I mean, we kind of had an idea. So, we’re ready. We knew he was going in the game anyway, so we figured they were going to play him. So, it’s really – same thing, man, it’s about being disciplined and we know what kind of game this will be, what they’re going to want to do offensively. So, we’ve got to play our keys, we’ve got to be disciplined. We’ve got to run, we’ve got to hit, all the same things that we know here
On if he has ever been around a quarterback situation like the one with the Jets
Not like that. I mean, I’m sure – he’s a competitor like most players in this League, so he’ll want to go out there and play well. And he’s certainly talented and they’ll have a good gameplan designed for him to where he can succeed and they can get it to their weapons and they can control the game and play good defense. So, they’re going to try to take the pressure of him as much as possible and just let him be him, use his talents, his skills
On if the players listed with illness are dealing with the same bug
It’s a little different. All of our guys are – they’re all kind of different. We’ve been hit from all sides. But we’re in a pretty good spot right now, I’d hate to say anything and it makes it worse, but we’re not bad, but it is – it’s not all the same illnesses. Certainly, guys don’t feel real good, but we’re bouncing back. (Lions DL Aidan Hutchinson) Hutch’s out here today, feels pretty good. So, hopefully we can keep it contained
On how Lions C/G Evan Brown has looked in practice this week and if he will play on Sunday
Yeah, he looks pretty good right now. So, hopefully today if he looks alright he’ll be ready to go, but he’s had a good week
On what it would mean to have the starting offensive line play on Sunday
Sure, it is big, especially those five I think it’s a lot like your O-line and your secondary all playing together I think is big. There’s – to have the continuity and those guys communicate and working with each other, understand where your leverage is at and all those things I think is big. So, to get him back is a – that gives us a little bit of a boost for sure
On what Jets DL Quinnen Williams does for their defense
Well, he – because he is – because he’s a monster that’s why he’s – yeah, not having him that takes some juice out of that defense. Now, it’s still a good defense believe me, they still have plenty over there, but he is a – he’s a difference maker. So, that – I don’t want any player to be hurt, but that would certainly help us
On if he watched the 49ers-Seahawks scoreboard last night
I looked at the final on the way home. I did. I just wanted to see what the final was, so I was – that was nice. But I didn’t watch the game
On if the playoff race is something they keep an eye on and if the Seahawks’ loss was a pick-me-up
I think the pick-me-up has still been the fact that we are where we are, that we know that we’ve got a chance. But we also know we feel like we need to win out here and it all starts with the Jets. We don’t handle our business it’s all for naught. But no it does – it’s nice to be able to look up there and see that’s a team that’s in front of us that did get a loss. So, it’s hard to ignore that. But also, we know, our guys know, we have to do our part
On if there is an advantage to playing in MetLife Stadium twice in one season
I don’t know if it’s an advantage, I guess you could say you’re – you do have some comfort in the locker room and just the stadium itself. I guess there’s a little bit of that, but not enough to say that’s an advantage
On if there is an advantage in the kicking game in terms of knowing the MetLife Stadium and what to expect
That’ll help. That’ll help a little bit, and now those wins swirl in there anyway. But yeah, it’s -anytime you’re a little more familiar with where you’ve been and you’ve had success that helps, but I don’t feel like it’s a big advantage or anything
On how the players looked in practice on Thursday
Yeah, it was real good yesterday. They were flying. They were flying. They were locked in. It was good. It was what we hoped it would be. So, we’ve got to close today out good. And then, even then there’s still 48 hours until the game, so there’s a lot of little things. A lot of details, the learning aspect that we can still get better at and learn from and all that. But it’s good to this point, it feels good
On the team’s ability to overcome different situations and challenges such as playing on the road or with a deficit
I just think everything that we’ve talked about, the things we do in practice, the things we’ve been preaching for weeks, and you just stay the course. And I think you learn, and it’s important. I’ve said it before, but you – when it doesn’t your way, if you don’t learn from it, that’s the problem. But if you’re able to continue to learn from your errors, your mistakes, things you can get better at, then you’ll always grow, and we’ve been able to do that. We’ve been better every week
On where the team needs to improve in order to sustain a potential playoff push
Well first of all, we’ve got to get better in our run game. We have to have better run efficiency on offense. That’s a definite. It doesn’t mean we have to run the ball more, it means we need to be much more efficient, and we can be those with guys we’ve got upfront, our tight ends, our backs, everything. Shoot, our receivers, everybody’s got a hand in the run efficiency. We’ve got to be better, we haven’t been as good. Now, (Lions QB Jared) Goff and those receivers and our pass pro’s been outstanding. We’ve been able to – you want to try to take the run away a little bit, we’ve been able to answer that in the pass attack, but yet you still need to be able to have efficient runs. And we’ve got to be better, we can be better. Defensively, there again, getting takeaways has been good for us, and it’s got to continue to stay that way. There again, I think just being efficient on first and second down because we’re pretty good if we can get them in third-and-long. You get in third-and-7-plus, third-and-6-plus, we’ve been pretty good in that range, and certainly, I think that’s a key. We’ve got to get off the field. We get teams in that type of situation, we have to close them out. We can’t let them continue to get a first down and extend the drive, so I think those are – those are two of the big things there, and we’ve been pretty consistent on special teams. I still feel like we got a lot of yards out there in returns that we can still get. I mean (Lions WR Kalif Raymond) Leaf’s doing a hell of a job. I mean he’s giving us something every week. There’s a couple of times when, we could just hold on a block just a little bit longer, I mean we’re talking about these things are touchdowns. These aren’t just big returns, they could be touchdowns, so I think that’s the big thing. But ultimately, if we just will hold onto the football, we don’t turn the ball over, and we continue to play pretty solid special teams, we’ve got a chance
On what the team can do to refocus after an emotional win coming up on another big game
Yeah, you hit it head on. You tell the team exactly that that’s an error that has come before with some teams when these things happen, and you just tell them exactly how you feel. ‘This is the deal, this is what can happen if we allow it. Are we going to allow it or not?’ And then they make up their mind, they’re pretty good about that. They’re grown men, and they understand, and we’ll make sure they understand, so we’re in a good spot right now. They’ve continued to look right in front of them. Listen, we’ve got enough smart guys. They understand what’s right in front of us, and that’s New York Jets, who is a very tough, physical team, and they’re very much in the race. And you’re crazy if you don’t think they want it. They’ll be coming with everything they’ve got against us, and so this is going to be one of those, man. We’ve got to be locked and loaded and ready to go. I mean this will be a physical game
On his level of confidence in Lions QB Jared Goff leading the offense and if it has grown
Well yeah, I would say it’s grown as the season’s gone, and I would just say I had a lot of confidence in his ability to move the football and to get us in the right place and to be efficient. But there were things early where we were really trying to – man, we’re trying to outscore – we’re trying to push the ball where there would be times where a little bit – you’re holding your breath just – you get the risk, but man, careful with it. And it bit us a little bit and for any quarterback that’s a hard spot to be in because you don’t want them to do it, but yet you know you need to score. That’s kind of where we were at, and I don’t feel that way. I’ve lost that feeling, it’s been a long time, man, I have complete faith in the guy. He’s done an unbelievable job just getting us in the right play. Decision-making, his ball accuracy, he made about three or four throws yesterday with pressure right in his face. We kind of got beat a couple of times inside quickly and he stood right in there and just made throws that were on the money and that’s – listen, that’s a credit to him. They’re blocking well upfront, but the couple of times where it did kind of come through, man he has really – he’s made a conscious effort to sit in here. He trusts those guys, and man the follow-through, make the throws, so I have the utmost faith in the guy right now
On the strongest attribute Lions QB Jared Goff has that has gotten him through criticism throughout his career
Well, his ability to bounce back. His ability to rise to the occasion to – man, when it does look like it’s at its worse, man, he can – he can block everything out and he can refocus and say, ‘You know what? There’s all these things and all this noise that on the outside,’ and for me to – for us to just say and for him to identify, ‘Just do this better. Just worry about this.’ And for him to just hone in on that and really work on it, and then, you see that he’s able to get better from it, I think that’s big. And some of those moments that he’s had where his back was against the wall, I think he’s come out and really played some of his best football. And so, I think that speaks to his character. He is a resilient person because he has, he’s had to overcome a lot. And I think he’s in a great place right now, he’s earned that
On what it means for the veterans who have been here the longest to see success
Yeah, and look I could go down the other – some of the guys we’ve brought in. I mean, I talked about (Lions DL Michael) Brockers, but (Lions LB) Alex (Anzalone) certainly, I mean he’s been a big part of who we are, (Lions RB) Jamaal Williams. But yeah, the guys that – that’s who I think and honestly, probably – I know they’re all kind of similar, but (Lions T Taylor) Decker’s one of the guys I think about because he really is. He’s the player who’s been around here the longest and he saw some earlier success and then it – there were some rough times and now to be able to just kind of have some hope back. That’s probably the best way to say it. I know he’s having fun, but he’s very much invested in this team, man. He’s all in. But that’s one of the guys you want to win for. I mean, you want to help him get there. Well, we appreciate it, man. He’s putting in the work, he’s all in and he’s a true pro  
On if this young Lions team reminds him of any teams he coached with the Saints
I would say, there was a lot of things – I don’t want to dive too far into it. But I would say ’17 reminds me – there are similarities. We had a very young crop of pretty good players, and we had some very good veteran players. And so, there’s some things about it and we were a little bit – nobody knew what we were going to be able to do, but we could battle it out. We were a tough team, we were physical and we could kind of compete in a number of different ways. So, to me there are some similarities, but listen, I like where we’re at. Our guys continue to battle, but we’ve got four tough ones ahead of us. There are no – you could – did you see what Jacksonville? I mean, listen man there’s dangerous teams in this League and every week you never know what can happen. And shoot, you’ve got to prepare to win, you’ve got to have a dang good game plan, your guys’ got to believe in it. They’ve got to work at it, and they’ve got to trust in it. And then, man, you’ve got to have things go your way too. So, we’re in a good spot right now, we’ve got a tough opponent and it’s on to the next one
On how Lions CB Jeff Okudah is feeling and how he fought through illness yesterday
Yeah, listen it was a heck of a job by him just trying to gut it out. I mean, yeah, he didn’t have a ton of energy coming off of what he did, but he went out there and tried to compete
On Lions CB Jeff Okudah’s fourth-and-1 run stop in the game yesterday against the Vikings
It was a huge stop. It was a huge stop. I mean that was an unbelievable play. Fourth-and-1 for him to get in there and make it – really, he played off of (Lions DL John) Cominsky, and so it was just two-fold for him to play off of that, what Cominsky was doing and then him to create the stop. It was huge. So, that was big. But yeah, he was obviously – he didn’t quite have all the energy coming off of it. But we anticipate him obviously feeling better and being ready to go